
Our team created the prototype of the CampusCare in Figma as our main design tool, and we concentrated on the creation of a simple, reliable, and user-friendly interface that will easily be navigated by students, doctors, and administrators. The philosophy of the design was based on three guidelines: clarity (the user ought to know what to do at first), consistency (similar items should behave in a similar manner), and accessibility (user-friendly to all users irrespective of the level of their technical expertise). We started our design process with surface sketches of every screen and then proceeded to wireframeing the screens in Figma, then high-fidelity designs with colors, typography, and branding, and then bonded the screens to make a working interactive prototype which was tested by actual students. We selected Figma since it would allow us to collaboratively work in real-time as a team, no installation was necessary, as it was a cloud solution, and we could build interactive prototypes without writing any code and could also control versions and the development of the design.

The simplicity of the design of the Login Screen was created with the minimalist simplicity in mind, meaning that only the necessary components of the design included (username field, password field and login button) can reduce the amount of cognitive load a user has, which in turn will help them concentrate on the task at hand. The predominant tagline, Your Health, Our Priority, and the green button, which means go and health, create brand recognition and earns the trust at the first glance. The ease of use of this familiar format of the login makes students able to gain access to their accounts as fast as it was the first time and big touch targets make it mobile-responsive to finger tap away.

The Sign Up Screen is designed on the principles of progressive disclosure because it only requires the mandatory information such as full name, email address, password, and password confirmation. The password confirmation field will avoid typing mistakes made when creating an account and the masked password inputs will be secure and will not expose sensitive information. The easy navigation of returning users by a clear or log in link and the similarity of the Campus Care tagline with the branding across the screens provides visual continuity.

The Dashboard/Info Screen is the primary navigation point that has four main selections: Book Appointment, Health Tracker, Health Tips, and User Feedback. This basic menu construction makes sure that the user is able to get the basic features right away without disorientation. The place below the navigation contained an "About Campus Care" section, which defines the purpose of the platform as a health partner of easy access to medical appointments and wellness tracking. Our motto concerning providing the campus community with convenient, effective, and caring healthcare establishes an emotional bond with the users. The key features section includes essential functionalities such as: booking medical appointment easily, health tracking easily, physical and mental wellness monitoring, and support with health tips, which gives a succinct overview of the functionality. Value propositions that are mentioned in the benefits section are convenient appointment booking, water intake, steps and mood tracking, easy access on both mobile and desktop, and health tips to be on track. Lastly, the contact details such as the address of the Campus Health Center, the phone number, and the site create trust and credibility, and the log out button is placed at the bottom, which makes the session management easy.

We were able to remain simple in the design process by not using too many graphic elements and layouts which could confuse the user, dependable because of the consistent style of design patterns that the user is likely to recognize in other applications, and user-centered, designing with consideration to the needs that we determined during our stakeholder analysis and user story development. Each design choice was justified with regards to our user stories- such as the large size of Book Appointment button being helpful in the high-priority user story of students having to book appointments with ease. The water intake, steps and mood-sensing feature of the Health Tracker goes beyond the traditional booking-of-appointments to the holistic wellness and is related to SDG 3 aiming at the full physical and mental health. Our prototype using Figma was reached out to actual student users who affirmed that the simple and intuitive design made them feel positive using the application without any instructions, which validates our design philosophy that healthcare applications would cause no stress and should not contribute to it.
Link for the Figma provided below which u can test and intereact with the prototype https://www.figma.com/proto/txOjLOuUZasDtbPn7ed96w/campus-care-health-app?node-id=7-5&t=lEB2RYmjQCvT0hFI-1
